Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (cdac) is the premier R&D organization of the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY) for carrying out R&D in IT, Electronics and associated areas and Education.

I am doing good.


Yes we do provide training 

Courses Available are :
C-DAC conducts two batches (starting in February and August) of following Post Graduate Diploma programmes of six months duration during the year:
PG Diploma in Advanced Computing (PG-DAC)
PG Diploma in Mobile Computing (PG-DMC)
PG Diploma in VLSI Design (PG-DVLSI)
PG Diploma in IT Infrastructure, Systems and Security (PG-DITISS)
PG Diploma in Geoinformatics (PG-DGi)
PG Diploma in Embedded System Design (PG-DESD)
PG Diploma in System Software Development (PG-DSSD)
Post Graduate Diploma in Internet of Things(PG-DIoT)
Post Graduate Diploma in Biomedical Instrumentation & HI (PG-DBIHI)
Post Graduate Diploma in Big Data Analytics (PG-DBDA)
Post Graduate Diploma in HPC System Administration(PG-DHPCSA)
PG Diploma in Artificial Intelligence
PG Diploma in Advanced Secure Software Development
Admission to these programmes is done through a national level admission test named C-DAC's Common Admission Test (C-CAT).


C-CAT is CDAC’s Common Admission Test (C-CAT) It is an entry level examination for various PG Diploma offered by Centre for Development of Advanced Computing organized at all India level c-cat.


Itis conducted twice a year in the months of June and December.


minimum eligibility criteria : Candidates who have successfully completed their Engineering Degree or MCA or a Post Graduate in Computer Science/IT are eligible for appearing for C-CAT 
All candidates (including distance education mode) meeting the eligibility criteria mentioned in C-DAC's Admission Booklet can apply.


forms availability:The online application forms for C-CAT are usually uploaded in May for the June C-CAT and in November for the December C-CAT The link for the application form is www.cdac.in.


to submit form:
The C-CAT application form is available online and can be submitted online by paying charges through online mode by using credit/debit cards.



C-CAT has three sections (Section A, Section B, Section C) of one hour duration each. Depending on the category of courses selected by the candidate, he/she will have to either appear for just one test paper (Section A) or two test papers (Section A and Section B) or all the three test papers (Section A, Section B and Section C) This test is taken in computerized mode and carries negative marking for wrong answers.


fee information:
For candidates who opt (in the online application) to use their own laptops for C-CAT, the examination fee for Category I (Section A) is Rs 1000/-, for Category II (Section A & B) is Rs 1200/- and for Category III (Sections A, B & C) is Rs 1400/-
A computer usage charge of Rs 200/- will be added to the above-mentioned fee, if the candidate opts in the online application to use the computer of the C-CAT centre.


to obtain admitcard download and print admit cards from C-DAC’s website after logging in.



Correction in e-mail address and mobile number should be mailed to course-enquiry@cdac.in If students have made mistakes with respect to name, marks, year of passing, they may correct the same by providing correct data at the time of admission to the course.

login and password
Sometimes candidates register for more than once and get multiple form numbers, but finally they make payment using a particular form number In such cases, candidates should check the C-CAT result, seat allocation etc using the valid form numbers Sometimes login problems may arise due to network problem, etc.

help
you can write your queries here,for more information you can contact at info@cdac.in .


















